---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: true
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-02T22:11:24.137Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-02T22:11:09.766Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-02-7162b872-f52e-4ae3-afc7-62b89bd21859.md
published: true
url: 7162b872-f52e-4ae3-afc7-62b89bd21859/index.html
_type: Article

---
My Yearly Themes

Theme for the Year
I also have a theme for each year. I started doing this eight years ago, after reading Goal-Free Living by Stephen Shapiro.
Here are the themes I've chosen in the past:

Year of Discovery (2007) -- I graduated from college, applied to Peace Corps and prepared for discovering new things about the world and myself. Mark Twain's quote really inspired me.
Year of Endeavor (2008) -- I left for Peace Corps and began living and working in Mongolia as a Health Volunteer. I wanted to see the whole year and every day as an adventure.
Year of Advance Humanity (2009) -- I began deciding what this idea was all about, how I wanted to share it with others and how they could join in the effort.
Year of Greatness (2010) -- I wanted to define greatness for myself and my life. I wrote in the theme statement: This year I want to live my greatest life in the greatest service to others.
Year of Reflection (2011) -- I wanted to focus on getting married, finishing my time with Peace Corps, writing Enough and spent more time meditating, slowing down and experiencing things more deeply.
Year of Awesomeness (2012) -- I began focusing on launching Advance Humanity as a social movement, spent the year developing the website, working with New Media Group and starting graduate school.
Year of Unity (2013) -- I spent last year trying to bring together all of the various projects, organizations and initiatives I was involved in, unifying them under Advance Humanity.